## ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS
This directory has some code and documents related to the old version of the codebase and testing with the new Python version.

- `mark_matlab_code`:
	- the MATLAB code received from Mark Johnson that was used in the previous iteration of this project.
	- there is a version suffixed with `_MLedit` that I was using to run MATLAB with some curated data for testing between the Python version I was developing and the old MATLAB code used for the 2016 Elementa Paper.
- `mark_matlab_data_fortesting`:
	- `BarrowCoastalDailyTimeseries11.mat`
		- this file is sea ice concentrations for a single profile near Barrow that is used in testing. It is from the OLD version of the processing and the NSIDC-0051.
	- `BRWCriticalCryoDataFUBUDates.mat`
		- this file is the computed FUBU dates that Mark sent me for comparison. They derive from his MATLAB codebase using the `BarrowCoastalDailyTimeseries11.mat` concentrations.
- `testing_marks_data`:
	- this directory has code related to comparing the Python and MATLAB codebases for the same input data profile I received from Mark.
- Files:
	- `mark_paper_16JE.pdf`: this is the paper that was written after the last run of the FUBU computation using the MATLAB code. Use this as a way to understand what was done and previously published.
	- `BarrowCoastalDailySICvalues.csv`: values of sea ice concentrations from Mark for Barrow. this is used in testing.
	- `BarrowCoastalDailySICvalues2.csv`: updated version of the above by Michael Lindgren for use in testing Python code.
	- `FUBUDatesNOSmooth*.*`: these files are the FUBU dates as generated by each of the codebases using the same data that no smoothing (spatial or temporal) was performed on. 